morning. And then Samaya, of course, you all know, you're all being practicing Vaidhyana and there
is so many
important teachings from many great masters, one after another. And everyone, I'm sure, explaining
about the Samayas. Samayas, and this is the part of them, the how to uphold the teachings. Of
course,
of course, it's so important to receive the teachings in parliament. The second is the most
important is practicing upholding the teaching. The Samaya is upholding the teaching. Samaya is
also our conduct, how we're going to maintain. And always we heard in the teaching, thank you,
always we heard the teaching, the woo, meditation and conduct. Woo in meditation, woo is the
visualization or meditation or whatever. And then meditation is to keeping up what do you
deserve or what do you use? What do you learn? Keeping up that is the meditation and practices.
And then third one is the conduct. Conduct and meditation goes side by side. Conduct is not one
direction and meditation practice or other side. Combined target. There is a conduct and Samaya
during the meditation practices. There is a conduct and Samaya in the post-meditations.
Both time is Samaya. Samaya is Sanskrit word in Vaidhyana terminology, but it's a use,
your is a conduct. Keeping up our commitment and keeping out our courage, confidence and our
loyalty practices. When we have that taught in the teaching office, even you receive one
teaching that will bring enlightenment. Even you want teaching, one practice, one empowerment,
really will bring. If we don't keep the conduct, if we don't keep up, if we receive hundreds of
that,
it won't bring enlightenment. Of course, blessing is so good, but it's not going to bring poor
realization. So therefore, the Samaya is so important. And I will summarize all the Samayas
as in Bodhijata. Keep the Bodhijata practice. Keep the Bodhijata, relative Bodhijata, and keep the
absolute Bodhijata for the combined target. Then with the devotion, with joy, with the application,
and then the practice, whatever you can while practicing. And that practice is, is the big,
become the embodiment of all the dharmas, all the Buddhas. Buddhas in the teaching says that
all Buddhas, the absolute level is the same. There's no difference really, Buddha. Nature is the
same.
So we practice the one, such as, as in the teaching mentioned, embodiment of all the Buddhas. That
means embodiment of peace, embodiment of peace of Buddha, embodiment of Ratha Buddha, embodiment of
male Buddha, embodiment of female Buddha, embodiment of all Bodhisattvas, all in life beings,
everyone.
And Gaurup M. Masambhava is the special Buddha of the Dijandaraja times. In the teaching,
often he said that Gaurup M. Masambhava, because his previous commitment that when the Dijandarajan
,
the troubles are approaching to different directions, if you think of the Gaurup M. Masambhava,
in more the blessings of Gaurup M. Masambhava, Gaurup M. Masambhava blessing is so swept,
and so powerful, so quick, and helps you ask. And that always teaching said, among the male Buddha,
Gaurup M. Masambhava, the swept, powerful, cooking, protectors. Among the female Buddha,
Madadara is swept, powerful, and heroic blessings. So this is really, so special. And particularly,
can really, in the, in the keeping Samaya, just combine one practice that you can keep, along with
some other practice that you do, but the mostly important, keep the practice every day. Keep,
keep the light every day. Keep that light always candleing, always not let that go away. Keep that,
doesn't matter how long you practice it, keep the light every day. And as like, there's always,
there's light of the, from the, from the eons, until now, there was some,
sometimes says in, in the Nepal or some area, there's a like holy place, which is ancient time,
is the part of the trade, and then now is under the Nepal, which is really, there is a light,
always say that from the beginning of the eons, or the establishment of the world,
there is a light that says, similarly, keep that light. Light will love, and a compare here,
both each other, every day, renew that, don't let that go down, permanent this. Keep that in heart.
And that will be the, our Samayas in the day practice of this Buddha Amitayya.
I'm going to remember some of this, we have been able to print beautiful book letters too.
So practice that, that's what teaching is. And with those thought,
and repeat this, follow prayer as a Samayas.